#Volumes

  docker run -it --name conatiner1 -v /volume1 ubuntu /bin/bash   (new conatiner with new volume)
  dokcer run -it --name conatiner2 --privileged=true --volumes-from container2 ubuntu /bin/bash  (copy cotainer 1 volume into conatiner 2)
docker run -it --name hostcont -v /home/ec2-user:/anmol --privileged=true ubuntu /bin/bash (host ko container add)
 docker run -td --name myjenkins -p 8080:8080 jenkins (port add krna)
[root@ip-172-31-23-167 ec2-user]# docker tag myimage upadhyaysaab/newimg
[root@ip-172-31-23-167 ec2-user]# docker push upadhyaysaab/newimg

Enlighten, enable, and empower multidisciplinary teams by providing deep expertise in container platforms and runtime environments.
Design, build, and operate highly available container workloads on AWS ECS and Fargate.
Optimize container lifecycle management including image creation, hardening, scanning, deployment, and runtime performance.
Partner with application teams to modernize workloads into container-first architectures.
Identify, prioritize, and resolve reliability and performance issues across containerized services.
Establish observability best practices for containers and clusters, including metrics, logging, tracing, and alerting.
Develop and improve automation for container builds, CI/CD pipelines, and infrastructure provisioning.
Drive improvements in container security posture, including least privilege, non-root containers, and image vulnerability management.
Collaborate with platform and networking teams to ensure resilient service connectivity and traffic management.
Champion operational excellence by documenting standards, mentoring peers, and promoting automation-first culture.
In short — build, run, and scale all the containers.

Here’s What You Need:

Strong hands-on experience with Docker and container fundamentals.
Mandatory experience operating workloads on AWS ECS (EC2 and/or Fargate) in production environments.
Strong Linux administration and troubleshooting skills (process, memory, networking basics, filesystem).
Proven experience with container image build pipelines and lifecycle management.
Operational experience with AWS services supporting containers (ECR, ALB/NLB, IAM roles for tasks, Auto Scaling).
Proficiency in scripting (Bash, Python, or similar) for automation and operational tooling.
Experience integrating container workflows into CI/CD pipelines (Buildkite, Jenkins, or similar).
Working knowledge of observability platforms such as Datadog, Dynatrace, Splunk, or Sumo Logic.
Understanding of container security best practices and runtime hardening.
